surprisingly this great wealth of famous
plants has little to offer large mammals
soils are very poor so the plants are
unpalatable and not at all nutritious
the boons must eat a lot to get by with
uncanny timing
the baboon's head for the coast just
when the tide is out
mothers and their young find food and
kelp left by the ebbing tide it's better
than scratching a living in tough
vandals
larger males go right down to the waves
they're strong enough to overturn big
rocks to find crabs and shellfish
beaches of course are playgrounds as
well as picnic sites restaurant goers
pay good money for some of the things
the baboons find Lobster perhaps
the males have even learnt the art of
eating limpets
they either prize the shells off the
rocks with their long canines or simply
bite the tops off and suck out the
contents
apart from us these are the world's most
southerly dwelling primates
you